README.md, before:

# katafygio

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/bpineau/katafygio.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/bpineau/katafygio)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/bpineau/katafygio/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/bpineau/katafygio?branch=master)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/bpineau/katafygio)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/bpineau/katafygio)

**katafygio** discovers Kubernetes objects (deployments, services, ...),
and continuously save them as yaml files in a git repository.
This provides real time, continuous backups, and keeps detailled changes history.

## Usage

To dump the cluster content once and exit:
```bash
katafygio --no-git --dump-only --local-dir /tmp/clusterdump/
```

To create a local git repository and continuously save the cluster content:
```bash
katafygio --local-dir /tmp/kfdump
```

Same, but also continuously push to a remote repository:
```bash
katafygio --git-url https://user:token@github.com/myorg/myrepos.git --local-dir /tmp/kfdump
```

Filtering out irrelevant objects (esp. ReplicaSets and Pods) with `-x` or `-y`
will help to keep resources usage low, and a concise git history. Eg.:


```bash
# Filtering out replicasets and pods since they are generated by Deployments
# (already archived), endpoints (managed by Services), secrets (to keep them
# confidential), events and node (irrelevant), and the leader-elector
# configmap that has low value and changes a lot, causing commits churn.

katafygio -e /tmp/kfdump \
  -g https://user:token@github.com/myorg/myrepos.git \
  -x secret,pod,event,replicaset,node,endpoint \
  -y configmap:kube-system/leader-elector
```

You can also use the [docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/bpineau/katafygio/).

## CLI options

```
Backup Kubernetes cluster as yaml files in a git repository.
--exclude-kind (-x) and --exclude-object (-y) may be specified several times.

Usage:
  katafygio [flags]
  katafygio [command]

Available Commands:
  help        Help about any command
  version     Print the version number

Flags:
  -s, --api-server string        Kubernetes api-server url
  -c, --config string            Configuration file (default "/etc/katafygio/katafygio.yaml")
  -q, --context string           Kubernetes configuration context
  -d, --dry-run                  Dry-run mode: don't store anything
  -m, --dump-only                Dump mode: dump everything once and exit
  -x, --exclude-kind strings     Ressource kind to exclude. Eg. 'deployment'
  -y, --exclude-object strings   Object to exclude. Eg. 'configmap:kube-system/kube-dns'
  -l, --filter string            Label filter. Select only objects matching the label
  -t, --git-timeout duration     Git operations timeout (default 5m0s)
  -g, --git-url string           Git repository URL
  -p, --healthcheck-port int     Port for answering healthchecks on /health url
  -h, --help                     help for katafygio
  -k, --kube-config string       Kubernetes config path
  -e, --local-dir string         Where to dump yaml files (default "./kubernetes-backup")
  -v, --log-level string         Log level (default "info")
  -o, --log-output string        Log output (default "stderr")
  -r, --log-server string        Log server (if using syslog)
  -n, --no-git                   Don't version with git
  -i, --resync-interval int      Full resync interval in seconds (0 to disable) (default 900)
```

## Config file and env variables

All settings can be passed by command line options, or environment variable, or in
[a yaml configuration file](https://github.com/bpineau/katafygio/blob/master/assets/katafygio.yaml)
(thanks to Viper and Cobra libs). The environment are the same as cli options,
in uppercase, prefixed by "KF", and with underscore instead of dashs. ie.:

```
export KF_GIT_URL=https://user:token@github.com/myorg/myrepos.git
export KF_LOCAL_DIR=/tmp/kfdump
export KF_LOG_LEVEL=info

# exception, for kubectl compatibility:
export KUBECONFIG=/tmp/kconfig
```

## Installation

You can find pre-built binaries in the [releases](https://github.com/bpineau/katafygio/releases) page,
ready to run on your desktop or in a cluster.

We also provide a [docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/bpineau/katafygio/).

On MacOS, you can use the brew formula:
```bash
brew install bpineau/tap/katafygio
```

You can also deploy with the provided [helm](https://helm.sh/) chart:
```shell
helm install --name kf-backups assets/helm-chart/katafygio/
```

## See Also

* [Heptio Velero](https://github.com/heptio/velero) does sophisticated clusters backups, including volumes
* [Stash](https://github.com/appscode/stash) backups volumes
* [etcd backup operator](https://github.com/coreos/etcd-operator)

Commit message:

Update doc, eg config file and filter on kind too
* Viper way to pass slices (arrays) through env isn't obvious, let's provide an example
* Update the example configuration file to reflect available options
* Some resources defs don't have a singular form, outside of the Kind name
* Support multiple kube-config (via KUBECONFIG=/path1:/path2)

README.md, after:

# katafygio

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/bpineau/katafygio.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/bpineau/katafygio)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/bpineau/katafygio/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/bpineau/katafygio?branch=master)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/bpineau/katafygio)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/bpineau/katafygio)

**katafygio** discovers Kubernetes objects (deployments, services, ...),
and continuously save them as yaml files in a git repository.
This provides real time, continuous backups, and keeps detailled changes history.

## Usage

To dump the cluster content once and exit:
```bash
katafygio --no-git --dump-only --local-dir /tmp/clusterdump/
```

To create a local git repository and continuously save the cluster content:
```bash
katafygio --local-dir /tmp/kfdump
```

To continuously push changes to a remote git repository:
```bash
katafygio --git-url https://user:token@github.com/myorg/myrepos.git --local-dir /tmp/kfdump
```

Filtering out irrelevant objects (esp. ReplicaSets and Pods) with `-x` or `-y`
will help to keep resources usage low, and a concise git history. Eg.:


```bash
# Filtering out replicasets and pods since they are generated by Deployments
# (already archived), endpoints (managed by Services), secrets (to keep them
# confidential), events and node (irrelevant), and the leader-elector
# configmap that has low value and changes a lot, causing commits churn.

katafygio -e /tmp/kfdump \
  -g https://user:token@github.com/myorg/myrepos.git \
  -x secret,pod,event,replicaset,node,endpoint \
  -y configmap:kube-system/leader-elector
```

You can also use the [docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/bpineau/katafygio/).

## CLI options

```
Backup Kubernetes cluster as yaml files in a git repository.
--exclude-kind (-x) and --exclude-object (-y) may be specified several times,
or once with several comma separated values.

Usage:
  katafygio [flags]
  katafygio [command]

Available Commands:
  help        Help about any command
  version     Print the version number

Flags:
  -s, --api-server string        Kubernetes api-server url
  -c, --config string            Configuration file (default "/etc/katafygio/katafygio.yaml")
  -q, --context string           Kubernetes configuration context
  -d, --dry-run                  Dry-run mode: don't store anything
  -m, --dump-only                Dump mode: dump everything once and exit
  -x, --exclude-kind strings     Ressource kind to exclude. Eg. 'deployment'
  -y, --exclude-object strings   Object to exclude. Eg. 'configmap:kube-system/kube-dns'
  -l, --filter string            Label filter. Select only objects matching the label
  -t, --git-timeout duration     Git operations timeout (default 5m0s)
  -g, --git-url string           Git repository URL
  -p, --healthcheck-port int     Port for answering healthchecks on /health url
  -h, --help                     help for katafygio
  -k, --kube-config string       Kubernetes configuration path
  -e, --local-dir string         Where to dump yaml files (default "./kubernetes-backup")
  -v, --log-level string         Log level (default "info")
  -o, --log-output string        Log output (default "stderr")
  -r, --log-server string        Log server (if using syslog)
  -n, --no-git                   Don't version with git
  -i, --resync-interval int      Full resync interval in seconds (0 to disable) (default 900)
```

## Configuration file and env variables

All settings can be passed by command line options, or environment variable, or in
[a yaml configuration file](https://github.com/bpineau/katafygio/blob/master/assets/katafygio.yaml)
(thanks to Viper and Cobra libs). The environment are the same as cli options,
in uppercase, prefixed by "KF", and with underscore instead of dashs. ie.:

```
export KF_GIT_URL=https://user:token@github.com/myorg/myrepos.git
export KF_LOCAL_DIR=/tmp/kfdump
export KF_LOG_LEVEL=info
export KF_EXCLUDE_KIND="pod ep rs clusterrole"

# non-prefixed KUBECONFIG works the same as for kubectl
export KUBECONFIG=/tmp/kconfig
```

## Installation

You can find pre-built binaries in the [releases](https://github.com/bpineau/katafygio/releases) page,
ready to run on your desktop or in a cluster.

We also provide a [docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/bpineau/katafygio/).

On MacOS, you can use the brew formula:
```bash
brew install bpineau/tap/katafygio
```

You can also deploy with the provided [helm](https://helm.sh/) chart:
```shell
helm install --name kf-backups assets/helm-chart/katafygio/
```

## See Also

* [Heptio Velero](https://github.com/heptio/velero) does sophisticated clusters backups, including volumes
* [Stash](https://github.com/appscode/stash) backups volumes
* [etcd backup operator](https://github.com/coreos/etcd-operator)
