assets/helm-chart/katafygio/README.md, before:

# Katafygio

[Katafygio](https://github.com/bpineau/katafygio) discovers Kubernetes objects (deployments, services, ...), and continuously save them as YAML files in a git repository. This provides real time, continuous backups, and keeps detailed changes history.

## TL;DR;

```bash
$ helm install assets/helm-chart/katafygio/
```

## Introduction

This chart installs a [Katafygio](https://github.com/bpineau/katafygio) deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.8+

## Chart Details

If your backups are flooded by commits from uninteresting changes, you may filter out irrelevant objects using the `excludeKind` and `excludeObject` options.

By default, the chart will dump (and version) the clusters content in /tmp/kf-dump (configurable with `localDir`).
This can be useful as is, to keep a local and ephemeral changes history. To benefit from long term, out of cluster, and centrally reachable persistence, you may provide the address of a remote git repository (with `gitUrl`), where all changes will be pushed.

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release assets/helm-chart/katafygio/
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Katafygio chart and their default values.

| Parameter               | Description                                                 | Default                              |
|-------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------|
| `replicaCount`          | Desired number of pods (leave to `1` when using local PV)   | `1`                                  |
| `image.repository`      | Katafygio container image name                              | `bpineau/katafygio`                  |
| `image.tag`             | Katafygio container image tag                               | `v0.8.1`                             |
| `image.pullPolicy`      | Katafygio container image pull policy                       | `IfNotPresent`                       |
| `localDir`              | Container's local path where Katafygio will dump and commit | `/tmp/kf-dump`                       |
| `gitTimeout`            | Deadline for all git commands                               | `300s`                               |
| `gitUrl`                | Optional remote repository where changes will be pushed     | `nil`                                |
| `noGit`                 | Disable git versioning                                      | `false`                              |
| `filter`                | Label selector to dump only matched objects                 | `nil`                                |
| `healthcheckPort`       | The port Katafygio will listen for health checks requests   | `8080`                               |
| `excludeKind`           | Object kinds to ignore                                      | `{"replicaset","endpoints","event"}` |
| `excludeObject`         | Specific objects to ignore (eg. "configmap:default/foo")    | `nil`                                |
| `rbac.create`           | Enable or disable RBAC roles and bindings                   | `true`                               |
| `rbac.apiVersion`       | RBAC API version                                            | `v1`                                 |
| `serviceAccount.create` | Whether a ServiceAccount should be created                  | `true`                               |
| `serviceAccount.name`   | Service account to be used                                  | `nil`                                |
| `resyncInterval`        | Seconds between full catch-up resyncs. 0 to disable         | `300`                                |
| `logLevel`              | Log verbosity (ie. info, warning, error)                    | `warning`                            |
| `logOutput`             | Logs destination (stdout, stderr or syslog)                 | `stdout`                             |
| `logServer`             | Syslog server address (eg. "rsyslog:514")                   | `nil`                                |
| `resources`             | CPU/Memory resource requests/limits                         | `{}`                                 |
| `tolerations`           | List of node taints to tolerate                             | `[]`                                 |
| `affinity`              | Node affinity for pod assignment                            | `{}`                                 |
| `nodeSelector`          | Node labels for pod assignment                              | `{}`                                 |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml assets/helm-chart/katafygio/
```
> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

Commit message:

Support filtering out objects with owner refs
There's generaly no great value in archiving objects having an owner
reference (ie. pods generated from cronjobs/daemonsets/replicasets/...),
when their owner is already archived (and able to re-generate them).

This should reduce the commit churn on busy clusters, or with many
cronjobs running at high frequency.

While at it, group exclusion filters so we don't have to pass an
increasing amount of functions arguments around.

Closes #88

assets/helm-chart/katafygio/README.md, after:

# Katafygio

[Katafygio](https://github.com/bpineau/katafygio) discovers Kubernetes objects (deployments, services, ...), and continuously save them as YAML files in a git repository. This provides real time, continuous backups, and keeps detailed changes history.

## TL;DR;

```bash
$ helm install assets/helm-chart/katafygio/
```

## Introduction

This chart installs a [Katafygio](https://github.com/bpineau/katafygio) deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.8+

## Chart Details

If your backups are flooded by commits from uninteresting changes, you may filter out irrelevant objects using the `excludeKind`, `excludeObject`, `excludeNamespaces`, and `excludeHavingOwnerRef` options.

By default, the chart will dump (and version) the clusters content in /tmp/kf-dump (configurable with `localDir`).
This can be useful as is, to keep a local and ephemeral changes history. To benefit from long term, out of cluster, and centrally reachable persistence, you may provide the address of a remote git repository (with `gitUrl`), where all changes will be pushed.

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release assets/helm-chart/katafygio/
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Katafygio chart and their default values.

| Parameter               | Description                                                 | Default                              |
|-------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------|
| `replicaCount`          | Desired number of pods (leave to `1` when using local PV)   | `1`                                  |
| `image.repository`      | Katafygio container image name                              | `bpineau/katafygio`                  |
| `image.tag`             | Katafygio container image tag                               | `v0.8.1`                             |
| `image.pullPolicy`      | Katafygio container image pull policy                       | `IfNotPresent`                       |
| `localDir`              | Container's local path where Katafygio will dump and commit | `/tmp/kf-dump`                       |
| `gitTimeout`            | Deadline for all git commands                               | `300s`                               |
| `gitUrl`                | Optional remote repository where changes will be pushed     | `nil`                                |
| `noGit`                 | Disable git versioning                                      | `false`                              |
| `filter`                | Label selector to dump only matched objects                 | `nil`                                |
| `healthcheckPort`       | The port Katafygio will listen for health checks requests   | `8080`                               |
| `excludeKind`           | Object kinds to ignore                                      | `{"replicaset","endpoints","event"}` |
| `excludeObject`         | Specific objects to ignore (eg. "configmap:default/foo")    | `nil`                                |
| `excludeNamespaces`     | List of regexps matching namespaces names to ignore         | `nil`                                |
| `excludeHavingOwnerRef` | Ignore all objects having an Owner Reference                | `false`                              |
| `rbac.create`           | Enable or disable RBAC roles and bindings                   | `true`                               |
| `rbac.apiVersion`       | RBAC API version                                            | `v1`                                 |
| `serviceAccount.create` | Whether a ServiceAccount should be created                  | `true`                               |
| `serviceAccount.name`   | Service account to be used                                  | `nil`                                |
| `resyncInterval`        | Seconds between full catch-up resyncs. 0 to disable         | `300`                                |
| `logLevel`              | Log verbosity (ie. info, warning, error)                    | `warning`                            |
| `logOutput`             | Logs destination (stdout, stderr or syslog)                 | `stdout`                             |
| `logServer`             | Syslog server address (eg. "rsyslog:514")                   | `nil`                                |
| `resources`             | CPU/Memory resource requests/limits                         | `{}`                                 |
| `tolerations`           | List of node taints to tolerate                             | `[]`                                 |
| `affinity`              | Node affinity for pod assignment                            | `{}`                                 |
| `nodeSelector`          | Node labels for pod assignment                              | `{}`                                 |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml assets/helm-chart/katafygio/
```
> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)
